All right. You made it to the end of the lesson.
In this lesson, we discussed the Bitcoin Core Debug Console.
We also walked through many useful commands for each of the core block chain components.
Hopefully, you're comfortable enough to explore these
further and look through a few more of these on your own.
Another goal we mentioned was that you take some time to understand how the concepts we
described earlier are being represented by the data shown with these commands.
If you're able to tie the concepts to the data,
you'll be in a great spot as we move on to more complicated topics.
This lesson also helped prepare you to complete the next project.
We will use this data to build your own private blockchain.
In the next lesson, we'll continue to build on these skills.
For more details on the upcoming lesson,
feel free to read through the text below the video.
When you're ready we'll see you in the next lesson.